Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_Object_Detection_API_Models.md

* `--input_shape` (optional) --- A custom input image shape. For more information how the `--input_shape` parameter is handled for the TensorFlow Object Detection API models, refer to the [Custom Input Shape](#custom-input-shape) guide.

> **NOTE**: The color channel order (RGB or BGR) of an input data should match the channel order of the model training dataset. If they are different, perform the `RGB<->BGR` conversion specifying the command-line parameter: `--reverse_input_channels`. Otherwise, inference results may be incorrect. If you convert a TensorFlow Object Detection API model to use with the OpenVINO sample applications, you must specify the `--reverse_input_channels` parameter. For more information about the parameter, refer to the **When to Reverse Input Channels** section of the [Converting a Model to Intermediate Representation (IR)](../Converting_Model.md) guide.

Additionally to the mandatory parameters listed above you can use optional conversion parameters if needed. A full list of parameters is available in the [Converting a TensorFlow Model](../Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.md) guide.

> For example, if you downloaded the pretrained [SSD InceptionV2 topology](http://download.tensorflow.org/models/object_detection/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28.tar.gz) and extracted archive to the directory `/tmp/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28`, the sample command line to convert the model looks as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you downloaded the pre-trained [SSD InceptionV2 topology](http://download.tensorflow.org/models/object_detection/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28.tar.gz) and extracted archive to the directory `/tmp/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28`, the sample command line to convert the model looks as follows:
```

* *`--input_shape`* (optional) --- A custom input image shape. For more information how the *`--input_shape`* parameter is handled for the TensorFlow Object Detection API models, refer to the [Custom Input Shape](#custom-input-shape) guide.

> **NOTE**: The color channel order (RGB or BGR) of an input data should match the channel order of the model training dataset. If they are different, perform the *`RGB<->BGR`* conversion specifying the command-line parameter: *`--reverse_input_channels`*. Otherwise, inference results may be incorrect. If you convert a TensorFlow Object Detection API model to use with the OpenVINO sample applications, you must specify the *`--reverse_input_channels`* parameter. For more information about the parameter, refer to the **When to Reverse Input Channels** section of the [Converting a Model to Intermediate Representation (IR)](../Converting_Model.md) guide.

Additionally to the mandatory parameters listed above you can use optional conversion parameters if needed. A full list of parameters is available in the [Converting a TensorFlow Model](../Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.md) guide.

> For example, if you downloaded the [pretrained SSD InceptionV2 topology](http://download.tensorflow.org/models/object_detection/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28.tar.gz) and extracted archive to the directory *`/tmp/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28`*, the sample command line to convert the model looks as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you downloaded the pretrained [SSD InceptionV2 topology](http://download.tensorflow.org/models/object_detection/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28.tar.gz) and extracted archive to the directory *`/tmp/ssd_inception_v2_coco_2018_01_28`*, the sample command line to convert the model looks as follows:
```
